When we first create a Google Analytics account or just a new property,
each property has a single default view.
The view is named all website data.
But if the data is coming in at
the property level as we've seen in our previous discussions,
why do we need multiple views?
Having multiple views allows us to create
different end transformations of the data that comes in raw at the property level.
For one thing, views allow us to do important housekeeping
like excluding our internal traffic and consolidating URLs.
We can configure additional metrics and populate reports such as goals and site search.
View filtering allows us to create subsets of our data.
You can create more than three views per property,
but as a baseline best-practice,
we always want to have at least three views per property.
We want to make sure to have an unfiltered backup,
one or more test views,
and a working view.
Usually, we have a main working view,
but we can have additional subsetted working views as well.
But as a baseline,
one unfiltered view, at least one test view,
and one or more views where we're actually doing our analysis,
and of those, one view should be specified as your main view.
If we go back to the org test account,
we remember that we did create
a test view when we were configuring a goal in an earlier lesson.
But let's build out the rest of our baseline three views at this point.
Back in the default All Web Site Data view,
we're going to change the name.
As a preference, I don't like to go into
Google Analytics and see all website data as a view name.
The view looks somewhat neglected to me when I see that.
All we have to do is go to view settings,
and we can call this 01 Main, 01 working,
anything that designates it as your main view where you'll do most of your analysis,
and I like to use numbers to always keep the views organized.
If we go back to the top level of the admin screen and we refresh,
we see that our main view in fact has been renamed.
So, now, we have our main view, our test view.
Let's create our backup view.
This is a good name for our backup view.
We could call it any of these names.
Raw, unfiltered, do not touch, backup.
The idea is that we're going to collect the raw data
coming in from the property and we're not going to apply any filters,
any settings, no transformations.
So, if for any reason there's ever a problem with a filter or a setting on a view,
we'll have the raw feed from the property still accessible to us.
Now, if you haven't created a backup view until now, that's probably okay.
The backup is not retroactive,
but if you've gotten this far without any major problems in your view,
then all you need is to make sure now forward that you do have the backup,
again, in case there's a problem with a view setting or view filter.
Now, we have our baseline best-practice three views,
main, test, and unfiltered.
In the rest of this lesson,
we will be spending most of our time in the test view trying
out view filters and view settings before we apply them to the main view.